# Join an OS-Climate Group List
You can subscribe to OS-Climate group lists and receive the latest information on our various workstreams, including new data sources/datasets, software development activity, tool/model enhancements, weekly meeting invites, and summary notes.  The group lists also provide a vehicle for product, tech, and process discussions between members.  We encourage everyone to use these group lists when communicating, so we create a consistent, inclusive, and reliable method to engage members based on their area of focus and/or interest.

These are OS-Climate's group lists, along with a brief description:

 - Main@lists.os-climate.org:  Used to inform OS-Climate community about important updates, tool/platform enhancements, events, and All Hands meetings.  To subscribe: Main+subscribe@lists.os-climate.org
 - Developers@lists.os-climate.org:  Used to inform OS-C GitHub users (developers, prod mgrs, proj mgrs)  about key system enhancements, architecture changes, system maintenance, modified security/license processes, etc. To subscribe: Developers+subscribe@lists.os-climate.org
 - DataCommons@lists.os-climate.org:  Used to discuss work on the platform, including:  build out of architecture, data vault implementation, use of tech infrastructure (e.g. Trino), metadata, data lineage, data ingestion pipelines/processes, etc. To subscribe: DataCommons+subscribe@lists.os-climate.org
 - DataExtraction@lists.os-climate.org: Used to discuss work on the suite of tools used to extract data from non-standard formats(e.g. pdf reports) using NLP tools (ML and rules-based engines).  Also the forum to discuss corporate data collection and topics like counterparty data models. To subscribe: DataExtraction+subscribe@lists.os-climate.org
 - PhysicalRisk@lists.os-climate.org:  Used to discuss requirements, development, testing, and implementation of the Physical Risk tool - the hazard and vulnerability risk models, plug & play model functionality and methodology to assess asset impact, including data visualization and economic risk. To subscribe: PhysicalRisk+subscribe@lists.os-climate.org
 - PortfolioAlignment@lists.os-climate.org: Used to discuss requirements, development, testing, and implementation of the Implied Temperature Rise tool (ITR) along with other portfolio alignment tools - includes models, methodology, key data elements and visualization.To subscribe: PortfolioAlignment+subscribe@lists.os-climate.org
 - TransitionRisk@lists.os-climate.org:  Used to discuss requirements, development, testing, and implementation of the Transition Risk tool with a focus on energy and economic models using SOSTrades/Witness.  To subscribe: TransitionRisk+subscribe@lists.os-climate.org
 - EntityMatching@lists.os-climate.org:  Used to discuss requirements, development, and testing to link key datasets to financial entities and regulatory standards, includes GLEIF, LEI, etc. To subscribe: EntityMatching+subscribe@lists.os-climate.org
